(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) I think it's over the top at times
as well, at that point.
But listen, that's because we live in a
world where there are so many platforms, so
many people can say stuff and we'll be
picked up and made bigger than what else.
But I think it's good that, especially ex
-players that play at the highest level, played
at the top, that dealt with difficult moments
as well, to put also a lot of
things in perspective, I think.
I'm not saying it, no more.
I think I've sped them on.
I think we've put them on a winning
streak.
No, I think when you win the Premier
League, and I think what I've said, it
was fair when you win the Premier League,
and then you go on a run where
you lose three or four games in a
row, which you don't expect from Liverpool over
the last few years, and then as Virgil,
as you as the captain, I think that's
your opportunity then to go and lead the
players.
That's what I'm saying.
I think that happens in football, and I
think the response has been great from Virgil,
from the team.
I think if you would watch games, then
I would definitely take the responsibility.
I think the comment that I signed my
new deal, and then it's like, that's it,
let it slide, I think that was a
bit.
But that's my personal opinion.
Do you use things like that?
Does that fire you up?
I want to perform for the team, for
the club, for each and every one that
will support us through thick and thin.
When we go through a tough time as
a team, when we're losing games, obviously I'm
fortunate that didn't happen too many times, and
it hurts me so much, and I want
to turn this around.
Because I also see the hard work we
put in each and every day.
I see the quality that we have.